Hello and welcome here
back at he leaves 2013 with the mother
is yes we are testing these beautiful
claas lexion 580 that a little
notebook then bake it once
you get three parties in it
included is the glass door with
chain drive then the tailor and that
associated cutting work from the outside
of course looks good to take
yes standard stop and we drive
with all the spun black to and
which I like very much you see
smoke stays here and
then slowly it disappears
a bit much smoke for him
wegfährt but I think really we have
the remains of the predator and never more gas
is the more pity that is
we still full throttle that he no one
then, of course, the real one
neither does it always come back up
still out when driving away did not like that
lots of black smoke but we say that
comes closer to the real for us than we mass
the standard vehicles looks at the
Driving this way is a lot
smoke and then it will be less so the
Driving behavior fits so far
that works too, he 'll be fine too
that works fine finally there
also blinker works
also not turn off the fastest
well I know I sell
but I do not want to have them
do not sell anything which of course stupid
you see it somehow right below
with the players that one sees which
attached device is the overlap
of course not so bad now
but yes could be better so now
we need something we now
Selected as the tailor okay
now works that way exactly
perfect
then you can hang on it say we
that was me at the tailoring
now how beautiful that
draws and then there is only after
In a while this disappears
Could each of me as each tug each
of course all have eraser
was perhaps not as extreme black
that's already over
world improvement but the way
I like it
So I'm just wrong with you
his view is considered the best
there you see where my worth yes I will
the combine real life i know that
where to watch out there must be one more
understand mädel apply so as to catch
Let's have a look at it
so that you are interested then we have
for working mode change nothing right here
rear split opened up here the
quad the grain store drechsler
selected that you have work light
welver earth works in the front back
turn on and that's standard from the
planner stoke smoke arises that fits
everything
and now you have to do something here
come out or not
Winterkorn really thanks me again
here everyone comes here comes nothing
there was nothing I had once helper one
but now he listens to the
nothing comes out okay or has to
to turn on the separate work light
shut down the driver namely the
will have to turn it on separately
works is pretty loud or
stay with me so no idea as he
sows functions befied shop.de
saada class with quartz 1000 yes
Cutting work suitable maintenance costs
all stated that new car 25
under it was a bit fierce though
year 2006 as well, we look again
lures here you can also see beautiful again
changes after the lok says nothing
but she says it has lots of errors
to make tip without mistakes or that
bag to be exact yes continue murder
you can imagine you can
Just stop by
as I said that with the smoke genuine
Hammer, after that does not know that better
as I said maybe not so
black
then just brighter but should be real
the idea alone works that way and so on
I thought I like something like that
Maybe take on names
a little more, they are watching
little bit off then good until the
So we'll see each other next time
people until then